README.md, before:

## Getting Started

### Configurations for new collateral token

1. Add token logo in **svg** or **png** format under `public/coin/` folder.
2. Make sure logo file name should be in lower case and same as real token symbol.
   e.g `public/coin/xchf.svg`

### Automatic deployment

1. The main branch should deploy to app.frankencoin.com
2. The dev Branch should deploy to dev.app.frankencoin.com

### Deploy or run with developer default keys

```Bash
# clone and install deps.
git clone https://github.com/d-EURO/dapp
cd dapp
yarn install --frozen-lockfile

# deploy
yarn run build
yarn run start

# or run developer mode
yarn run dev
```

### Copy .env.example and adjust your environment

```TS
NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL=https://deuro.com/
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://app.deuro.com/
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=https://api.deuro.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL=https://ponder.deuro.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME=mainnet
NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON=...
```

### Change default environment (app.config.ts)

```TS
// Config
export const CONFIG: ConfigEnv = {
	landing: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL || "https://deuro.com",
	app: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL || "https://app.deuro.com",
	api: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL || "https://api.deuro.com",
	ponder: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL || "https://ponder.deuro.com",
	chain: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME == "polygon" ? polygon : mainnet,
	wagmiId: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID || "...",
	rpc:
		process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME == "polygon"
			? (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON as string) ||
			  "https://polygon-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2/..."
			: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET || "https://eth-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2/...",
};

console.log("YOU ARE USING THIS CONFIG PROFILE:");
console.log(CONFIG);
```

### Production

```
Environment:

node version 20
yarn v1.22.19
Next.js 14.1.4

Commands:
yarn install --frozen-lockfile
yarn build
yarn run start
```

Open <URI_APP_SELECTED> with your browser to see the result.

### Development

```
Environment:

node version 20
yarn v1.22.19
Next.js 14.1.4

Commands:
yarn install --frozen-lockfile
yarn run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Change chain

e.g. custom testnet chain

```
Memory stored private blockchain for development.
RPC: https://ethereum3.3dotshub.com
Blocktime: 10sec
```

#### Affected file: /contracts/address.ts

-   change custom chain settings
-   update SC addresses

```
[ethereum3.id]: {
   frankenCoin: "0x4800b6c288e4B2BBa7b2314328DB485F5FfB0414",
   bridge: zeroAddress,
   xchf: zeroAddress,
   equity: "0xD47DE3328848cf8fd4079673cA40510536323e59",
   mintingHub: "0x60614BE7fD2F92bf96caa61d434a4e04Af6228c3",
   wFPS: zeroAddress,
   mockWbtc: "0x1b01c6b10ca8AeD4F1e0d39319aa27183BBC1578",
   mockLseth: "0xd54Fb4EE40ca7F0FeF1cd87AC81dE3F247776209",
   mockBoss: "0x7f6c45725F521e7B5b0e3357A8Ed4152c0BBd01E",
},
```

#### Affected file: /pages/api/prices.ts

-   change addresses of ERC20 tokens
-   "hard/softcode" a price (for dev)

```
// if ethereum3 private testnet
if ((WAGMI_CHAIN.id as number) === 1337) {
   for (let erc of fetchedERC20Infos) {
      let price = { usd: 1 };

      const calc = (value: number) => {
         const ref: number = 1718033809979;
         return value * (1 + ((Date.now() - 1718033809979) / (3600 * 24)) * 0.005 + Math.random() * 0.01);
      };

      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].frankenCoin) price = { usd: calc(1.12) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockWbtc) price = { usd: calc(69000) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockLseth) price = { usd: calc(3800) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockBoss) price = { usd: calc(11.54) };
```

#### Affected file: /app.config.ts

-   change app uri and ponder uri
-   **ponder needs to runs on the same chain**
-   WAGMI_PROJECT_ID e.g. ethereum3 (custom testnet chain)
-   WAGMI_CHAIN
-   add transport

```
transports: {
   [mainnet.id]: http("https://eth-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2/..."),
   [ethereum3.id]: http("https://ethereum3.3dotshub.com"),
},
```

Commit message:

feat: changed config for docker image usage

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Configurations for new collateral token

1. Add token logo in **svg** or **png** format under `public/coin/` folder.
2. Make sure logo file name should be in lower case and same as real token symbol.
   e.g `public/coin/xchf.svg`

### Automatic deployment

1. The main branch should deploy to app.frankencoin.com
2. The dev Branch should deploy to dev.app.frankencoin.com

### Deploy or run with developer default keys

```Bash
# clone and install deps.
git clone https://github.com/d-EURO/dapp
cd dapp
yarn install --frozen-lockfile

# deploy
yarn run build
yarn run start

# or run developer mode
yarn run dev
```

### Copy .env.example and adjust your environment

```TS
NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL=https://deuro.com/
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://app.deuro.com/
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=https://api.deuro.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL=https://ponder.deuro.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME=mainnet
NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON=...
```

### Change default environment (app.config.ts)

```TS
// Config
export const CONFIG: ConfigEnv = {
	landing: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL ?? "https://deuro.com",
	app: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL ?? "https://app.deuro.com",
	api: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL ?? "https://api.deuro.com",
	ponder: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL ?? "https://ponder.deuro.com",
	wagmiId: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID ?? "",
	alchemyApiKey: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY ?? "",
	chain: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME ?? "mainnet",
	network: {
		mainnet: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET ?? "https://eth-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2",
		polygon: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON ?? "https://polygon-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2",
	}
};
```

### Building a docker image
Please note the following when creating a Docker image:

The environment variables are used at build time and cannot be passed at runtime. The environment variables must be set as placeholders in the dockerfile so that they are set via the docker entry point before the application is started.

```
Dockerfile:

ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL=NEXT_PUBLIC_LANDINGPAGE_URL
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL=NEXT_PUBLIC_PONDER_URL
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID=NEXT_PUBLIC_WAGMI_ID
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=NEXT_PUBLIC_ALCHEMY_API_KEY
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME=NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN_NAME
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET=NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_MAINNET
ENV NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON=NEXT_PUBLIC_RPC_URL_POLYGON
```

### Production

```
Environment:

node version 20
yarn v1.22.19
Next.js 14.1.4

Commands:
yarn install --frozen-lockfile
yarn build
yarn run start
```

Open <URI_APP_SELECTED> with your browser to see the result.

### Development

```
Environment:

node version 20
yarn v1.22.19
Next.js 14.1.4

Commands:
yarn install --frozen-lockfile
yarn run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Change chain

e.g. custom testnet chain

```
Memory stored private blockchain for development.
RPC: https://ethereum3.3dotshub.com
Blocktime: 10sec
```

#### Affected file: /contracts/address.ts

-   change custom chain settings
-   update SC addresses

```
[ethereum3.id]: {
   frankenCoin: "0x4800b6c288e4B2BBa7b2314328DB485F5FfB0414",
   bridge: zeroAddress,
   xchf: zeroAddress,
   equity: "0xD47DE3328848cf8fd4079673cA40510536323e59",
   mintingHub: "0x60614BE7fD2F92bf96caa61d434a4e04Af6228c3",
   wFPS: zeroAddress,
   mockWbtc: "0x1b01c6b10ca8AeD4F1e0d39319aa27183BBC1578",
   mockLseth: "0xd54Fb4EE40ca7F0FeF1cd87AC81dE3F247776209",
   mockBoss: "0x7f6c45725F521e7B5b0e3357A8Ed4152c0BBd01E",
},
```

#### Affected file: /pages/api/prices.ts

-   change addresses of ERC20 tokens
-   "hard/softcode" a price (for dev)

```
// if ethereum3 private testnet
if ((WAGMI_CHAIN.id as number) === 1337) {
   for (let erc of fetchedERC20Infos) {
      let price = { usd: 1 };

      const calc = (value: number) => {
         const ref: number = 1718033809979;
         return value * (1 + ((Date.now() - 1718033809979) / (3600 * 24)) * 0.005 + Math.random() * 0.01);
      };

      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].frankenCoin) price = { usd: calc(1.12) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockWbtc) price = { usd: calc(69000) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockLseth) price = { usd: calc(3800) };
      if (erc.address === ADDRESS[WAGMI_CHAIN.id].mockBoss) price = { usd: calc(11.54) };
```

#### Affected file: /app.config.ts

-   change app uri and ponder uri
-   **ponder needs to runs on the same chain**
-   WAGMI_PROJECT_ID e.g. ethereum3 (custom testnet chain)
-   WAGMI_CHAIN
-   add transport

```
transports: {
   [mainnet.id]: http("https://eth-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2/..."),
   [ethereum3.id]: http("https://ethereum3.3dotshub.com"),
},
```
